Alright, this is exciting! The webpage currnently looks terrible and like I've hardly even started, but that's not true at all. It's going to be a very visually-based page, so not having CSS makes it look terrible right now, and I haven't gotten to the CSS yet. However, I did put in a lot of work sketching and planning, as has been a theme with me for these previews. I included a screenshot of my code because I wanted it to be clear that I had also translated a lot of that work into code already, even if it won't show up on the page in a nice way until the CSS has been figured out. The sketch that I uploaded to the issue queue is still pretty much what I'm going for. I sketched it out in a little more detail, and with a mobile version (I think it would work well for tablets right now), and used those versions to think about what divs and images and links I would need, and coded that into the html, as the screenshot shows. I think it's going to be a first pass at a relatively typical band website. There will be a top banner with my artist name and links to social media, a menu with more links, a big box with hopefully a nice gif behind it and an mp3 embedded, and then at the bottom there will be boxes with projects from the two(ish) genres I work in. The links are mostly to outside of the website, but there will be a simple "about" page with some text about me and what I do, and then a page for the two projects that I am working on. I am going to create and implement the website as if I had a social media presence on all of these platforms and had already created the albums that I am working on, because then I can fill in those blanks when I get there. I probably won't actually leave them blank, I'll say something about how it's all a work in progress.

Next steps are to finish the tutorials, find images, find some answers to questions I have about CSS best practices, and then write the CSS. I'm sure I'll be going back and forth and troubleshooting and all that, but I should be done when the CSS is done.